Fix misleading error message when installing plug-in (#2722)
zowe/zowe-cli: packages/cli/CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to the Zowe CLI package will be documented in this file.

## Recent Changes

> - BugFix: Updated the error handling for plugin installation to report the first failure that occurs. [#2722](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-cli/pull/2722)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BugFix: Updated the error handling for plug-in installation to report the first failure that occurs. [#2722](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-cli/pull/2722)
```

> - BugFix: Updated the display of failures from 3rd party programs to include more diagnostic information while avoiding repeated text. [#2722](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-cli/pull/2722)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BugFix: Updated the display of failures from third party programs to include more diagnostic information while avoiding repeated text. [#2722](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-cli/pull/2722)
```
